do not pass invalid routes to observers (#5946)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Introduced `RoutesSetCallback` parameter to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`, which is called after the routes are set or they have been declared invalid. If invalid, they will not be passed to `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged` [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).

Reviewer: > If invalid, they will not be passed to `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged`

I think we should pass empty routes. Consider following scenario.
```kotin
val validRoute = createValidRoute()
val invalidRoute = createInvalidRoute()

val latestNavigationRoutes: List<NavigationRoute> = emptyList()
mapboxNavigation.registerRouteProgressObserver { result ->  latestNavigationRoutes = result.navigationRoutes }

mapboxNavigation.setNavigationRoutes(validRoutes)
// wait for processing
mapboxNavigation.setNavigationRoutes(invalidRoutes)
// wait for processing

assertEquals(emptyList(), latestNavigationRoutes)
assertEquals(emptyList(), mapboxNavigation.getNavigationRoutes())
```

Reviewer: BTW, this suggestion is based on assumption that native navigator switches to a free drive after setting routes with error.

Reviewer: NN tracks old route in case of error. The suggestion isn't relevant.

Author: Then it makes sense to not pass anything.

> - Introduced `RoutesSetCallback` parameter to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`, which is called after the routes are set or they have been declared invalid. If invalid, they will not be passed to `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged` [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
- Introduced a `RoutesSetCallback` parameter to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`. The callback is called when navigation finished or failed processing given routes. [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945)
-  `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged` won't be triggered if navigation fails processing new routes. [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945)
```

Reviewer: > > The callback is called when navigation finished
> 
> Why? It's called when routes are set, hence the name.

I just find "they have been declared invalid" a bit vague. I think "failed processing given routes" should be easier for users to understand. "set" just doesn't sound good with "failed processing given routes", but "finished" does.

It's a very subjective topic, so it would be nice to hear other opinions. WDYT?

Author: OK, first: "when navigation finished" seems odd. It's actually triggered when `setNavigationRoutes` method finished. I can also say "when routes processing finished" or something like that. I don't see how it's clearer than "routes are set", especially when we're talking about the method called `setNavigationRoutes` but I might lack depth in terminology knowledge.
 About "failed processing given routes": probably I agree, because for now the reason is their invalidity, maybe in the future there will be other reasons, your option covers it.
 Tried to create a grammatically valid sentence having taken these points into consideration. Please take a look.

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Fixed reroute request interruption when setting the `NavigationRerouteController` [#5950](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5950).

> - Introduced `RoutesSetCallback` parameter to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`, which is called after the routes passed to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` are processed or are failed to be processed [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- Introduced `RoutesSetCallback` parameter to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`. The callback is called after new routes are processed or are failed to be processed [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).
```

Author: Why do you want to remove the specification of the routes ("passed to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`")? "New routes" sounds vague.

> - `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged` will not be triggered if tha navigator fails to process the routes passed via `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
- `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged` will not be triggered if the navigator fails to process routes passed via `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).
```

- Mapbox Java `v6.5.0` ([release notes](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/releases/tag/v6.5.0))
- Mapbox Android Core `v5.0.1`
- Mapbox Android Telemetry `v8.1.2`

> - Fixed the issue with the close icon in the trip notification occasionally using wrong color when including ui-dropin dependency. [#5956](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5956) 

Reviewer 2: looks like it's not your string 😄

- Mapbox Java `v6.6.0` ([release notes](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/releases/tag/v6.6.0))
- Mapbox Android Core `v5.0.1`
- Mapbox Android Telemetry `v8.1.2`
- Introduced `RoutesSetCallback` parameter to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes`, which is called after the routes passed to `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` are processed or are failed to be processed [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).

> - `RoutesObserver#onRoutesChanged` will not be triggered if the navigator fails to process routes passed via `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` [#5945](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5945).

Reviewer 3: Move changelog to the appropriate section.

Reviewer 3: And update it according to the guidelines: https://github.com/mapbox/navigation-sdks/blob/main/documentation/android-changelog-guidelines.md.

Author: Thanks. How do you usually keep track that changelog is not messed up after rebase?

Reviewer 3: By reviewing the changes myself. We should probably improve our validate-changelog.py script to verify that the changelog is located in the proper section. 
By the way, your changelog contains wrong links and dots are in the wrong places.

Author: If I were a lawyer, I could argue about the dots... The guideline says:
> Begin each changelog entry with a capitalized past tense verb and end it with a period.

That's exactly as I did it. It's different in examples tho. Corrected.
